Now that we have our actual countdown component that we just imported, if we go back to what we're
building right now.
We kind of want to implement the same type of visualization over here when we add a focus item and we
flip over.
Well, right now we're flipping over to.
I'm going to render a timer for the subject at this point, we should actually be building our timer
component.
Now what exactly does that look like?
Well, if we look at our source code here, right over here, we have a view with some text and that's
kind of where we want to put our timer component.
So what we'll do over here is we'll create a timer component.
This timer component is going to be what gets us to the timer.
Overview We'll give it a focus subject, and that's going to be the current subject, the one that we
just decided on over here in this view and the focus object being the thing that we're counting down
upon, the thing that we're going to Pomodoro style time.
You know, I'm working on a task like writing a doc, and I'm setting the timer to ten minutes for ten
minutes is purely focused on that.
We also want to say on timer end, we want to tell it what to do when it ends.
And we need a clear subject, which is going to tell us how to clear the subject.
These functions, we're going to leave empty for now, but we're just kind of getting through the flow
of like, Hey, what is my component here actually need to function?
What does the parent need to tell it?
And what do I need to supply it?
So now that we know all of that, the next thing we need to do is over here in features, add a timer
dot jazz component.
So we'll do import react from react and then we'll do import view and text.
From React Native.
And will say export concert timer.
Is equal to.
And then what we'll do in here is we'll set of you.
Close the view.
And we'll set some text.
I will say focus.
Feature.
And that's what we're going to do now.
Over here, we clearly added some properties to pass into it over here in the app, so we have the focus
object, the on timer and the clear subject.
So let's pass those in.
So we go over back to here and we can say focus object.
Now we've given this a property, the other ones, we really haven't.
Let's render this out together, and let's make sure that that currently works.
So if we say test, we can say.
Plus, Belle cannot find variable timer.
Oh, of course, I need to import it over here, so let me go and import timer.
From false lash source components.
Over here, timer.
There we go.
Now, if I go back here and I say Test.
Plus, focus feature test in our focus feature, our timer is ready to be built.
So let's take a look at how that's going to go.